How to get the most from Machine Learning Books and Courses
如何充分利用机器学习书籍和课程

There are a lot of machine learning books and courses avaliable and a trend towards free university courses
and ebooks. With so much excellent resources avaliable it can feel overwhelming. So much so that it may prevent
you from getting started or making progress. 
可使用的机器学习书籍、课程有许多并且有些免费的大学课程和电子书。拥有如此多的可选择的极好的资源会让人不知所措。
资源是如此的丰富以至于可能阻止着你开始和进步。
In this post I want to share with you my tips for self study that allow me to touch a resource 
once, extract everything I think I can learn from that resource and integrate it into my own knowledge base so that I can make use of it going forward.
这篇博客中我会向你分享我的一些自学的建议，这些建议让我一遍过完资源后，获得我觉得我能够从资源中学到的所有东西并整合到我的知识仓库（knowledge base）中以便于我将来充分利用。
The knowledge base strategy and tactics I use were developed at university while competing
 a myraid of degrees and higer degrees. Although useful in a formal setting, I think they are 
 invaluable in self study enviroments where there is more pressure to be efficient with your time and resourcec.
我使用的知识库策略和战术是当初在大学学习直到读博都用到的。虽然在学校的时候是有用的，但是我认为在自学时特别是压力下高效利用你的时间和资源也是很有用的
Knowledge Base Strategy
Adopt a knowledge base strategy. A knowledge base strategy is a corpus of material you have created
 that support your memeory. You don`t have to remember the details of everything you have studied
 , just what you studied and where your notes are located.
 知识库策略
 运用知识库策略。知识库策略就是帮助你记忆的材料集。你不必记住所有学习过的东西，仅仅记的自己的所学和所记的笔记在哪里
 The kownledge base stratey requires that you create a directory on your computer or in the cloud. Under that
 directory you create a document for each course and book you complete or read that describes what you learned
 from that material and where to go to get more detail. For larger courses you may need to creat a subdirectory
 and a document for each week or module of the course and each assignment. The specific breakdown of directory 
 strcture and document is at you discretion.
 知识库策略需要你在电脑或者云上创建一个文件夹。在该文件夹下，你为学过的每个课程以及完成的书本或者读过的关于所学的以及得到更多细节的
 创建一个文档。对于一些量大的课程，你可能需要为每一周或者每一个模块以及每个作业创建子文件夹。文件夹结构的具体分类和文档有你自己决定。
 The principle is that you touch each resource once and process it thoroughly so that you can make best use of it again
 in the future as you need to. This typically means reading or consuming it and taking clear notes.
 (知识库的)原理就是你细致的一次过完每一项后你在未来需要的时候可以充分的利用起来。通常意味着细读并做好笔记。
Guide to Machine Learning Courses
机器学习课程的指南
Courses can have video, text, audio and in person components. You objective is to internalize the material you are exposed to from the course, associat
it to knwoledge you already possess and capture that understanding in summary form.
课程一般有个人的参与、讲座、课本、音频。你的目标是吸收内化掉你在课程中遇到的材料、联系自己已经掌握的知识并以表格的形式展现出理解。
Courses can also have additional reading and resources, as well as exams, tests, tutorials, exercises and assignments.
Within reasons, these resources must also be processing in a similiar manner. They are all just tools designed to help
you absorb the material and must exploit them to your benefit by integating the knowledge they expose into your knowledge
base
课程一般还有额外的阅读与资源和考试、测试、教程、练习、作业。在合理范围内，这些资源也必须是以相似的方式学习完。必须通过将材料中暴露出的
知识整合到你的知识库中来利用它们，从而为你带来好处。
Below are five tips for getting the most from a machine learning course.
以下是五项关于如何充分利用机器学习课程的建议
Regular Schedule
固定的时间表
Design a routine that you can complete the course work at a consistent and regular schedule. For example one hour a day every second
day or 8 hours every Saturday. Block the time out in advance and make a efficient use of the time.
设计出一项你可以定期并一致的时间表来完成课程的程序。比如说每两天一个小时或者每周六8小时。提前规划处时间并有效的利用时间。
Routine can get you a long way. When the scheduled time comes around you do not want to have to think about what you have to do in 
that time block. You must preallocate tasks in advance to avoid any overwhelm or over-thinking. At the end of each time block, 
allocate the tasks for the next time block so they are ready and waiting for you.
程序帮你坚持下去。安排好的时间来临后，你不必去想这块时间要去做什么。你必须提前分配任务避免任何的应接不暇或者过度的思考。
Your time estimates will be wrong by a factor of 2 or 4. Consider at least doubling the time you schedule or havling the workload
you pre-allocate to those times.
你所预估的时间将可能需要2到4倍。考虑至少翻倍你的时长或者减半分配时间段的任务量。
Create Lecture Notes
创建课程笔记
Courses are partitioned into modules or weeks or some similiar schedule. Each interval will have materials that you will be expected 
to internalize. It is very likely that course will have a summary of the material in the form of notes or lecture slides.
课程被分解成模块或者周或者一些类似的时刻表。课程的间隔间往往有要求你内化吸收的材料。课程很有可能会以笔记或者讲座幻灯片的形式总结的材料。
Create your own summary of the material for the interval from scratch. This will require that you take notes from the material that
you consume in the interval then break it down into a logical structure for summarization. This may be the same structure used to present
the material to you, but is more often than not different. it can be different because you will have associated the material to knowledge
you already have an can see a cleaner way to present the material  to your own mind than the way it was presented.
从头创建你自己的课程材料的总结。要求你从课程中的材料做笔记然后把材料分解成有逻辑的结构来方便总结。材料的逻辑结构可能和展示给你的材料的逻辑结构一样，但是
往往有所不同。它的不同是因为你将联系你已经学过的知识，与原本的方式相比，这样对于你的思考更加的清晰。
Aim for about a one page summary for each module or week of material. This will vary with the amount of content, but the objective is to 
summarize the material to the key concepts and a trail that links those concepts. Any detail you need on those concepts will be avaliable
in the original material such as lecture video or required reading.
对于每个模块或者每一个周的材料，以一页纸的总结为目标。这将依据内容的数量有所变化，但目标是总结关键的概念以及联系概念的途径。任何你需要的关于这些概念的细节
可以在诸如在讲座视频、阅读文本等原材料上找到。
Study Group
学习小组
Form a study group of peers and advisors. You need people at your own level that are working through the material at the same space as you 
so that you can discuss the content and ensure you understand it. Learning in groups can be more efficient than learning in isolation,
especially if you can pair up with others that are more advanced or faster learners than yourself.
组成一个同学或者讨论者的小组。你需要和你相同水平的人们，他们以相同的进度学习者相同的材料以便于你可以讨论内容并确定理解它。小组学习比孤立学习有效的多，特别是你
和比你水平高一些或者学的快一些的人组队学习。
Your study group can also include people that have already completed the course that may not be studying the material with you in concert
but have agreed to answer the odd question or discuss the odd concept over with you on Skype.
你的学习小组可以包括一些人，这些已经完成了该课程的人们可能没有与你一起同时完成课程但是他们同意了在Skype上回答各式各样的问题或者和你讨论各式各样的概念。
Use your group to test out your understandings. A tactics I liked to use was to volunteer to explain concepts even if I didn`t understand
them well. I would also share all my notes with the group for comment and I would create practice tests from the material for the group
and myself to complete. Think of creative ways of getting the most from the group enviroment while also giving back to help others.
利用学习小组来测试你的理解程度。我经常喜欢使用的一个技巧是主动的解释那些概念即使我没有透彻的理解它们。我还会给小组分享我的笔记以获得反馈评价。我还会为
小组以及我本人编一些测试练习来完成。在帮助别人的同时想出各种方法来最大限度的用好小组环境。
Complete Assigments Early
尽早地完成作业
Courses almost always have tools to assess your acquisition and internalization of the material. This is in the form of things like tests,
exams, tutorials, assignments, essays and exercises.
课上经常会有各种方式来测试你对所学的消化、吸收。通常会以测试、考试、教程、作业、论文、练习的方式
It is especially important to take on assignments for self-study online and courses because there is typically less opportunity for your
retention to be directly assessed.
网上自学课程的时候做作业十分重要因为很少有专门的机会来直接测试你记住了多少。
Note these materails at the beginning of the course and schedule to complete them early and continually review your results often. For
example, if there is a formal exam or test, locate sample exams or test from previous iterations of the courses that you can practice on,
even before you have been exposed to all of the material.
注意课程开头的这些材料并早早地安排完成它们后续不断地经常回顾你的结果。比如说，如果有正式的期末考试或者测试，找到上一个你可以练习的课程的版本的卷子或者测试
在你学完所有的材料之前。
If there is an assignment, create a minimal version of your submission early and add to it as you learn more and are exposed to more of the 
content of the course. You may have to actively seek it or even ask for a previous years assignment from the institutor. Use this as an
opportunity to get as much additional content as possible, they are all aids you can use to learn the material faster and more thoroughly.
如果有作业的话，尽早地创建一个最小版本的可提交的作业并苏子和你学习的内容的增加以及课程内容的熟悉继续完成作业。你可能需要主动的探寻它或者向老师询问前一年
的作业。
This is a powerful technique because it will force you to seek out materials to answer questions and assignment details before you are ready.
There is something about the pressure of this process that makes the things you discover really sick. When you are exposed to the material in
the course your understandings will be filled out and refined beyond the point of a beginner.
这是一种高效的方法因为它会强迫你在你还没有准备好的时候去从材料中寻找问题的答案以及作业的细节。在压力的过程下会使你觉得十分的厌烦。当你在课程中遇到了学习
的知识点，你一下子就会理解并且远超过一个初学者的水平。
I often used group assignments in unviersity as an opportunity to push myself and complete the deliverables myself and then teach the 
material to the rest of the group or as a baseline for the group to extend themselves further.
我在大学里经常使用小组作业来作为一个机会逼自己一把并自己独立完成它然后教给组内的其他人或者作为小组内的一个基础进一步的扩充。
Complete Additional Reading
完成课外的阅读
There is almost always additional reading for you to complete. Tackle this with vigor and use the processes listed below for internalizing
this material into your knowledge base.
经常会有额外的阅读需要你去完成。坚定不移地学习这些课外阅读使用下面列出的过程来吸收消化材料到你自己的知识库。
